[rhacs-docs-3.72] Issue in file installing/install-ocp-operator.adoc #52063 (#55634)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/verify-central-install-operator.adoc

----
$ oc -n stackrox get route central -o jsonpath="{.status.ingress[0].host}"
----

> Alternatively, you can use the {ocp} web console to find the link to the RHACS portal by performing the following commands:

Reviewer: Hi, the second {product-title-short} variable is OK to leave - 

```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use the {ocp} web console to find the link to the {product-title-short} portal by performing the following commands:
```
